hello to all i'm happy to you
find in this third course
dedicated to improvisation with the
triads in the first class
you improvised with the triads 1 3
5 in the second course you have
improvised with the triads 3 5 7
today we will use the
triads 5 7 and 9
the fifth the 7th and the 9th the grid
chord remains unchanged f minor this
only minor celtic d minor that of
time and I invite you to download the
score on the site pass bruno point
com or by clicking on the link in
below the video then on three
first agreements
the f minor sect and we play the
triad 5 7 9
it will give us a triad of do
minor then with the notes nor the flights
in castraise would grant the seventh
minor for the soil in box 12 body of
ground the second the back breaks 12
back straight and the ropes and Eb
cascade hall
the seventh minor so a triad of do
minor with 4.9 for the second agreement
their and 1h07
if we play the triad 5 7 9 that's fine
give a D minor triad with the
notes them in box 12 ray body mc 1
you do it in the box body 15 re
seventh minor the casse 14 as to the
soil the ninth and is them again in
breaks 14 bodies back the cat so a
triad of D minor
third and final agreement Legré
minors 7
if we play the triad 5 7 9 that's fine
give a triad of the minor with the
notes me
in box 14 body of re and the mit and the
9th the la in 15 14 ground body when
the cash back 12 body back there that's
finished and put it in box 16 body of
back the ninth then i'm going to run the
chord grid with the pedal of
loops and I'm going to improvise
or
we
that's it before we continue this work on
the whole length of the handle
see you next friday for the
last course of this series good
weekend